Use Case: Get Suggestions
Context: This use case allows for a user to receive suggestions for certain media from the database.
Actor(s): User, Database
Main Success Scenario:
1.  The user logs on.
2.  The user clicks the suggestions button.
	2.1. The user can click a specific type of media to genertate suggestions for.
3.  The database generates suggestions fo the user.
	3.1. The user can view a specific title triggering the View Title use case.
	3.2. The user can refine their search. (loops back to step 2.)
	3.3. The user can search for a specific title triggering that use case.
	3.4.  The user can rate the title.
Extensions:
1.a.  A first time user or someone who forgets their informations will be redirected to the Manage Personal Account use case.????

Use Case: Search
Context: A user looks for a specific title in the database.
Actor(s): User, Database
1.  The user logs on.
2.  The user enters the search information.
3.  THe database generates matching results and any close results below that.
	3.1.  The user can choose to view the title.
	3.2.  The user can choose to rate the title.
	*3.3. The user can ask for suggestions????
Extensions:
1.a.  A first time user or someone who forgets their informations will be redirected to the Manage Personal Account use case.????

Use Case: View Title
Context: A title is chosen to examine bringing up corresponding information.
Actor(s): User, Database
1.  User clicks on link to title page.
2.  A page generated for that title appears.
	2.1.  The user chooses too see "More Like This" triggering the Get Suggestions use case
	2.2.  The user chooses an aspect to search by (director, author, etc.) triggering the Search use case.


Classes:
Boundary: User Interface inherits Titles List, View Title, Main Screen, Account Information/Editor, Advanced Search
Entity: Account, Title, Preferences
Control: Database Prompter

Suggestions for TV->Look up Account preferences->Send command to Database to return an ordered list of suggested titles


Fab.3: Activity Diagrams finished!
Feb.5: Class Diagram
Feb.10: Powerpoint and complete document.
Feb.12: Present!